So So Hello, hello Um Good afternoon Hi, yeah, you're audible Mm-hmm Good afternoon, I'm Ashish. I have 13 years experience and 11 years is in AML space I have familiarity with Tradition Okay So I am on my Wi-Fi, I'm not sure how to help it I'm on my home Wi-Fi Connectivity is yeah, I mean, this is the best network I have at my pace Yeah so I have 13 years experience out of which 11 years is in AML space and I am familiar with traditional machine learning Data science deep learning and And more recent technologies such as in the native AI is in big AI I Have Familiarity with I have majorly my projects have been in Python, but I have familiarity with the languages such as JavaScript PL SQL SQL Java up to a degree, but my main Core technology is Python and Yeah, my last project has been in this agent a capability of that goes by the names a ODI or digital and data analytics platform or There is this Business intelligence in natural language query. So I Mean in this this this capability is basically that you have a number of agents such as text to SQL agent the rag agent generic knowledge and visualization agent that helps the but that helps the business analysts or Engineers data engineers with the reporting and I I mean data. This is a basically be beyond data analytics tool offering
In my current project, I am working as an associate manager and I also play the role of lead AI engineer. So my roles and responsibilities like as an associate manager, I overlook a team of four or five people and I take their doubts, I help them with their queries and as an associate manager, I also sit with senior manager and associate director in requirement gathering phase, team building phase and SOW preparation phase. And as a lead AI engineer, I also get my own deliverables, my own tasks that I have to complete. I mean, I attend the team, I have to attend the scrum calls with the team and yeah, put forward my deliverables. Yeah it's okay. So, this is a customer service chatbot, right? So it's knowledge is supposed to be grounded in some company documentation or can you elaborate on that? So it's a customer service bot, right? It's answer should be grounded in company documentation, whatever documents about the products, about company policies or whatever that is there, it's about the documents which the company has, right? Those are the basis for the knowledge of the chatbot, right? Is it correct or? Yeah, so and this incorrect answer is coming in development phase or production phase? Okay, so if it's coming in development phase, then first thing is, I mean, we'll have to do our testing first. We'll have to create a golden dataset which where we know what question we will ask the chatbot and what answer it is supposed to give and some additional details like which document, which para or which page number these details should come from, what should the chunk look like. So, this golden dataset will provide the basis of testing the bot. I mean, if some QA person has reported some issue, the developer should do their own testing with the golden dataset. They should sit with the domain team experts that understand the documentation and get a clarity on what to ask the bot and what kind of answers to expect. So, if the bot performs well on this golden dataset of questions and answers, then only it should be moved to QA and then QA will do their testing and then it will go to production. So, we will need to check what kind of data it is, like is it PII, like phone number address, email address or... So, is it following like...
Some structure like it is a phone number or date of birth or address or like Okay, so well there are two ways to handling this we can add guardrails to our I mean to a solution when we add guardrails there are then two ways to doing it like they could be code based guardrails which look for patterns like if whether it's a phone number or whether it's a date of birth or whether it's a this address or whether it's a email address right and then there is a LLM based check which says that that I mean LLM basic would I mean to create an LLM basic is based on a prompt that has certain instructions for the LLM that what to look for I mean I have I am lacking visibility on what kind what kind of what can what what this PI data might look like so I finding it a bit difficult to craft give you an example prompt or something like that for the LLM solution but yeah so these are two ways to do it code base and LLM base and then third is that if the bot is giving responses which are like PII which are confidential to the company maybe we can check the chunks which document is it is coming from and then we take out those chunks from the vector database or exclude those documents altogether or prevent the access of put in place a role-based access or something like that in the overall software offering oh Oh can you repeat the examples that you gave off oh okay so that depends upon the access kind of access we have given to the bot whether it has read and write access to our database or not so I mean deletion can be easily handled that we don't allow rights to the database deletes or updates or deletes I mean we only make it read reading capable so that is one thing and second thing is that we can use LLM again LLM based solution to implement a prompt in there to detect a prompt engineering technique that like you have given the examples we can give the same examples in the prompt telling the LLM that figure out if any of these cases are valid for this prompt coming from the user okay okay okay this is the okay longest palindromic substring okay
So, I can discuss my solution with you, I am... Okay, so yeah, so I am just trying to think about it, I mean, I don't have an exact idea of... I mean, I am thinking about brute force and how to optimize it, but it's not clicking to me, like, what would be the optimized way to deal with it like that, does the necessary work in, like, under time constraints or machine constraints. I mean, even with brute force, I will have to, like, check every substring and check every substring will be... check the palindromic nature of every substring and then keep a track of the longest palindrome and then return that. This is the brute force, but an optimized way will look something different, I... I mean, do you want to, like, I mean, I am not able to think of the optimized way, if you want, I can implement, try to implement brute force. Yeah, sure.
No, actually I was trying to write the brute force method but I think it will take longer than 5 minutes. If the generative AI application is becoming very costly in terms of or expensive, then first thing is you will have to use observability which is tracing to figure out what is the token count for every input that is going to the LLM and what is the token count of outputs that's going, I mean like we can say every call to the generative AI application will be logged for its input tokens and output tokens and based on those tokens, we calculate the cost and then the first step with this tracing is we will try to optimize the token count like if we can modify the prompt to remove some instructions or maybe we can modify the input prompt to add some instructions that manages the number of output tokens that will help. Second thing is that we either switch to a different model whether it is a cheaper model or whether we use this open source model or whether we host our own model. So these are two ways and then yeah I mean these are the only two ways like token count in terms of token count and in terms of the model version that we can manage to manage the cost of the generative AI application. Multiple I mean can you repeat the question? As in English, Hindi, Chinese or like programming languages? Okay yeah okay okay okay. So well is it completely I'll have to I mean I'll have to I mean this is this is this problem would should be dealt with right in the requirements phase we will have to talk to the clients and put it down written whether the whether this is a completely open solution to any language or we can restrict the number of languages that are supported by this application and let's say there are three languages English, Hindi and Chinese and this is supported by this application then we can use either we can use I mean it depends upon what kind of operation we want to do with an LLM whether it is a like a problem solving thing with a like a math coding problem or whether it is just generating a.
natural language response. If it is about generating natural language response, we can, we'll have to test the models, like we have to test which model is performing better. But there are models from every country, like Mistral is from France, and DeepSeek is from China, and Sarvamaya is from India, and GPD is there from US. So, we can test both the solutions, like whether to use a model from the regional region of that language, or use a global model like GPT for our test, and then based on those test results, we go with the solution name. So, can you repeat the question? Okay, yeah. Yeah, so RAG will, I mean, we will only have to do like, if the RAG was built to support, to answer to the previous answer, to give answers on the previous policies, such as it's 2026, and there was some policies made in 2025, I mean, if it's answering, already answering for policies made in 2025, and we only wanted to answer questions on policies in 2026, we can simply update the backend database, vector database, and there, the RAG will simply pointing, I mean, simply start giving more recent answers from the more recent policies. I mean, just in case if there are no clashes with the older policies and newer policies. So, this is more of a data question, I mean, rather than anything to do with the LLM or solutioning, LanGraph or LanChain, this is more of a data question that how do we expose our data to the LLM that it answers from the latest policies and if the older policies and newer policies are together in the base, it doesn't mix the two to give a confused answer. If the RAG is giving some irrelevant document, I mean, there are multiple ways of dealing with this. There are three ways of retrieval, right? One is that we use a kind of a static way to fetch documents based on keywords and another is that we use a LLM-based retrieval that fetches the documents based on embedding, cosine similarity between the embeddings of the query and the document. And then there is third, hybrid, which says that, okay, I want only top three results from, I want six results and I want top three from the LLM and top three from this keyword-based fetcher. And then there are other things like metadata filtering, which is like if a question is about, let's say, going back to the earlier example, the question is about some 2026 policy, then we can say, okay, this is mentioned in the question that the user wants an answer from 2026. We can say that, okay, only refer to the policies of 2026 in the metadata filter, which is incorporated in the vector database. You too. 
Thank you. Good.