Hey, good afternoon, am I audible? Yeah, good evening to fail. Yeah, good afternoon, am I audible? Yeah, good afternoon, am I audible? Yeah, good afternoon, am I audible? Yeah, good afternoon, am I audible? Yeah, good afternoon, am I audible? Yeah, good evening, I am Ashish, I work in Cognizant, I have 10 years of experience. For the past 8 years it has been data science, the first 2 years were in software engineering. I know machine learning, deep learning and natural language processing. I know languages like Python, JavaScript and SQL. And in Python I know packages like scikit-learn, Keras, TensorFlow. I know JNI also. In JNI I have knowledge on Hugging Face, OpenAI, GPT models. And my projects include... Yeah. Yes. Yes. So, machine learning, NLP and these days generative AI. No, no, computer vision I haven't worked on. Time series forecasting I haven't worked on but I have studied about it. Deep learning, RNN, LSTM, yeah. Yes. Yes. So, LSTM architecture would, it is, so it comprises of a way to handle long term memory. Basically, LSTM is long short term memory. It is a kind of neural network, small neural network which is, it is a kind of a neural network cell which is impeded itself in a neural network, in a deep neural network. So, what happens is that it came out after RNN. Basically, RNN was recurrent neural networks in which were simpler in architecture but had a problem of...
vanishing gradients. So LSTM figured LSTM were a solution to that. They provided a way to capture long term dependencies using a memory state cell, using a memory state and at the improvement students stopped there, after first LSTM came then GRU also came and then bi-directional nature of these networks was introduced. So LSTM basically, they have a forget gate and so basically they have a type of gate, type of, so it is called a forget gate which tells whether to retain or forget a piece of information. So whatever input is coming from the hidden state, the LSTM knows at each iteration, at each step whether to forget that piece of information or to retain it. So deployment part, I am not aware, I have some ideas but I haven't done it myself. Like basically there was a team who was handling the deployments. So Azure I have some exposure, basically in the first step you, how they are deployed, you are asking about, so basically I as a data scientist, I am involved in the architecture of the project itself. So I can give you some clues about it, let me know if it answers your question. So basically for example you said you have an NLP problem, so let's say you have a generative AI kind of, a problem related generative AI in which you are using OpenAI GPT-4 okay, you are using OpenAI GPT-4 model. Now it will be hosted, it will be exposed to you via Azure endpoint and that endpoint will be consumed by Azure functions, basically which are your APIs, basically where APIs are created, which are where business logic is written, how to handle, what kind of requests will go to OpenAI GPT-4 and what to do with the responses. Then apart from Azure functions, there is some kind of web interface, it could be bot, it could be web, it could be mobile app, so that kind of interface is there and between that alongside Azure functions, there could be databases, for example since you are using GPT-4, it is possible that there would be a use of vector databases or maybe or it could be a simple application just leveraging SQL databases. So this was a very simple architecture if that's what you are looking at. I know Python, I will rate myself 7. Yeah, so so I would like to take these questions together, this what kind of, if you have ever done any traditional machine learning model and what volume of data you have worked on. There was a project anomaly detection with Amex, so there the amount of data was 500 million records and they were coming from this mainframe system.
into Cornerstone Cloud of Amex where it was fetched using PySpark and there we deployed machine learning model, but we tried couple of techniques in that project like we tried statistical model, we tried to explore like for that project, we tried 3 models on code and one was statistical experimentation like statistical modeling in which we said that how likelihood of anomalous data points is lesser, so there I mean I am just think, so likelihood we then figured out what to do with the log likelihood and negative of log likelihood, basically, yeah PySpark, yeah I am good with PySpark, but I have been a little bit out of touch with RDFs, so I think they have 4 kind of interfaces, they have Resilient Distributed Datasets, RDDs, Way to access data in PySpark, so anything that is a PySpark related task can be done in 4 ways I think, 3 ways I think, RDDs, SQL Data Frames and Pandas on PySpark API, Pandas API on PySpark, so any of the 3 possible solutions are there, yeah, so in that project the 3 models were auto encoder based model, which was tried during POC in which we, if you ask about what the crux of the, the gist of this auto encoder based model is reconstruction error, when you try to reconstruct a data point, if it is anomalous, it is, there will be large difference between its reconstruction and the original data points, this difference is on which we, which we figure out if the point is anomalous. The next simpler machine, this auto encoder is basically a, comes from the, auto encoder, sorry, POC, POC was done in auto encoder, but after, when the project started and we were getting data, so there were couple of challenges like client was asking about interpretability, latency and explainability, like he, the team brought up questions like how do you answer these questions, like I think I have explained it in terms of how the auto encoder works, but manager, there is a governance team associated with project, so we have to justify our work to them, so we went with isolation forest, but we tried, yeah, but we tried, yeah, so we tried one more algorithm, K-medians based, so basically we have to explore models and we got this, the problem with auto encoder was, it was interpretability and problem with the K-means was that, K-medians was that, it was taking a lot of time, but the point is that in latency was high in both, so basically isolation forest was giving good results and there was a difference in paradigm also, like auto encoder works on reconstruction error, isolation forest works around kind of density and like, it's like a tree based data structure, it's tree based, not density and K-medians is based around the idea of distances. So, no, so basically it was, anomaly detection was unsupervised learning, so they didn't give us data point, so basically I was working as a lead there, in that project, so I had to explain the model, so the way isolation forest works is that, I brought out a sheet of paper and I drew a couple of points in it and then I explained them that a point which is in, which is excluded from.
from other points can be separated from the other points using a single fold in the paper if you like, right. But if the point is in the middle of the paper, it will require multiple folds. So this is the basic principle of isolation forest and autoencoder was based on reconstruction error and so like it is, we are able to capture it for example I can explain it today but at that point it was hard to explain it to them because I had to answer to my managers also who were familiar with the models. So and then, so basically if you have, let me give you the example which I have in mind. There are couple of points like some values around 5, 4, 5, 6, 4, 5, 5, 6, 5 like that. Now if a value is 10 there and there are certain features, if you try to train a autoencoder model in these features and these values of which are rounding around 5, then what will happen if that value around 10 will also be reconstructed into a value around 4, 5, 6 somewhat around that, not 10. So reconstruction error would be around 5 which would be high otherwise for other points the reconstruction error might be 1 or may be 2, something like that, I am just making things up. So reconstruction error high means that this point is anomalous. So this was the whole idea around autoencoders but basically so I have not worked with them but I need to explore them. I have not worked with them in my previous projects. So it was deployed using UDFs, PySparse UDFs, User Defined Functions are there and it was in Hive, basically Hive deployment part I have some idea, I won't be able to fill in the details or give you the complete picture but there was Hive, use of Hive there and use of UDFs was there but basically if modeling part I have brought it up in complete, I will not be able to give you the complete view of modeling part but deployment part like. So it was just that I didn't have to work on deployment so it was not in that project but I just gave you the example of my recent project in which we were using generative AI and I gave you the architecture of how the things were deployed there. So but PySparse one is an AMX project which I worked on, I don't have, basically the deployment was that they had Hive and Hive there to interface, to rewrite, not rewrite, I think SQL Hive queries can be directly passed to SQL DataFrame interface of PySparse, so they combined Hive and UDFs in some way, I believe so, yes, yes, yeah so they didn't give me a billable project, I am on non-billable.
project so I'm working as a senior data scientist and a manager but when it comes to your rating at the year-end or mid-year, a billable project gives you better rating than a non-billable project so I told it to my managers but they said okay we'll take a look at that and I said then okay I'll try for billable projects and then I tried outside also no no Gurugram so just my current project I am working on two projects in JNI space one is for generating Jira epics in user stories Jira it is called Jira epic in storywriter in which we leverage a document from the client requirements document from the client in some historic Jira dumps in historic Jira dump so the idea is that if we have the the basic idea is that if a model is trained on it is so if a model is trained on prompt and completion pairs and this is the prompt for example if this is the requirement and this is the kind of epics and user stories we want then model if given sufficient amount of trained data the model will be able to produce that so this is the future of this project but today what we are working on is we are passing it as to LLM using historic Jira's historic epics and historic user stories and giving it in the context in the form of giving that as the context and telling it to generate story user stories and epics based on the requirements document and the this is for Elevens health it is for Elevens health they have Elevens health is the health insurance company user story is written by humans could be could possibly be not of good quality could possibly be a time-consuming you now so basically what so okay I'll give you the filling details here you're right this came in as a point in that project also epics are something new business requirements you came used to spoke about user stories epics and new business requirements they are not something what a machine can predict like new business requirements cannot be predicted so basically if you give it if you give a machine that this is my business objective and this is my use case now I want to remove a button create a form add add this functionality in six states or five states remove the functionality from for these for for this department or these kind of requests they can be in simple simple language simple human language they don't need to be technical and you tell the board you tell the board that refer to this epics and stories it is based on knowledge
graph and vector databases that remove a button in maybe SGQ, small group quoting for example the project name or producer toolbox, remove the button in these, so it will look for this kind of user stories in previous works on these lines and try to fill in the details like okay they want to, this is the business requirement, they want to remove a button in this page, in this states and this is the acceptance criteria, so it will fill in the details and make it more appropriate according to JIRA, feature scaling is required when, so distance based algorithms are sensitive to this, what do we call, feature like for example feature scaling is required when features are not of the same domain, let us say scale, same scale, so for example 0 to 1, for distance based algorithms such as KNN or neural networks or SVMs, these are sensitive to distances and when, if you pass it such as 2 parameters or 2 attributes are there, age and salary, now age would be something like 0 to 200 maybe and salary could be in 100s and 1000s, so if you pass this data to distance based algorithms or algorithms like SVM or neural networks, they will think, they will tend to think that this large numbers are more important than the second attribute which is age, which is 2200 or something, 2280 or something, so this is required that we scale the data to same levels, 0 to 1 or min, max, whatever way, I think decision trees do not need to, decision trees are not, yes, yes, random forest and yes, sir, which, what location is this opportunity , no, no, thank you, thank you, you too, you too, bye.