Hello. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Please go ahead. Yeah. So my last project was an anomaly detection for Amex platform, Amex loyalty platform in which we were detecting anomalies in credit card data. So they were transactions happening on like every day. We had quarter data that was given to us on a quarterly basis. So we were detecting anomalies in credit card based on very high, large transactions, large transactions or very small number of transactions. Large amount transaction or small amount transactions and merchant type, what was the merchant. And in this use case, based on this use case, they were, the client was sorry. So based on this use case, the client was generating alerts on the, in their platform. We have identified these anomalies transactions and should we block them. Okay. So we were getting another data on quarterly basis to detect that anomaly in that. So can you just, you know, start with what was your training data, right? So, right. So once you have built a model and all, then you are applying your model on that, whatever they share on the quarterly or the real time. Right. So can you give more details on the training, how you started model training? What was the data you consider, right? Historical data. So historical data was given to us for two years, I think, if I remember correctly, one year or two years of data. Okay. They were coming, the data was coming from mainframe systems, their mainframe systems. And we were, we were supposed to identify anomaly there. It was a unsupervised learning problem. That means there were no labels. We had to identify anomalies based on our intuition about contamination, based on our intuition about model. So we tried three models, isolation forest, autoencoder and 1K medians based. Okay. These are all unsupervised learning algorithms, right? Yes. Okay. So how did you take the data from the mainframe, you know, the frame, right? So you involved in that or how is that? No, no, they had data engineering team, which used to push data from mainframe systems into Hive databases, Hive based databases. So that was simply connected with the PySpark notebook, Jupyter notebook, like environment in cornerstone. Cornerstone is a mixed platform. Okay. So that's how you're taking the data into the PySpark environment, right? PySpark, yes. Okay. So where you, how did you do the data, you know, in terms of data cleaning and all, right? So let's understand them before, you know, you jump into that algorithm. So what was the data challenges and all, right? So was that, you know, you clean the data. This is all, I know, I believe it's all unstructured data, right? Or it's just structured data. What do you consider? It was structured data. It was structured data. Okay. Okay. So basically we had to identify the features because they were producing a lot of features at the end of the day, we zeroed down on to, I think four or five features. Merchant type, time, time was basically it was data was, time was also one of the features which we used for plotting purpose. But for anomaly detection, we treated the data as a bunch. Got it. Okay. So you consider basically four or five features for this, you know, anomaly detection, right? Kind of, you know, the k-means clusters and all your identity. So did you validate your, you know, the anomaly detection model and all, right? How it is correctly detecting and all, what was the mechanism used to validate this model? Basically we had contamination factor that we said using an algorithm around clustering, Gaussian mix, Gaussian mixture model, Gaussian mixture model, which is based around like we have auto encoder based algorithm and we have this, what do we call, isolation forest based model. Now we produce anomaly scores for, from these two. We plot the anomaly scores in a scatter plot and we find out a density, where is the maximum density and where is the minimum density. So we create two clusters in it, not two clusters, basically one cluster and that one cluster outside, anything outside of that one cluster is anomalous. So we, so those two clusters which it produces, it produces in the form of zero and one. Now we find out what is the concentration of the clusters where the number is lesser and we found, find out its percentage, that is the contamination, that is a contamination factor. And okay, so I understood that, right? So you are doing this anomaly detection and all, right? Whatever the kind of anomalies, all, you know, coming into a kind of one group or the one cluster, right? So within that cluster, all the characteristics of the features have a similar kind of distributions. Yes. So it's like, but we validated these, right? So there are so many, you know, the cases, right? And instances come into one cluster. So you have identified from the model, it is a kind of, you know, the outlier basically that, you know, detect anomalies and all, right? So is there any human loop involved in that to validate the models? Yes, yes. Basically a transaction team was involved, loyalty team was involved, which was monitoring alerts. Well, basically whenever an alert is indicated, it raises a ticket. Got it. So what was the kind of, you know, the accuracy? No, no. Accuracy is for supervised learning. It was. Correct. But here also, right, anomaly detection and all, right? Out of 100. Precision. Precision, yeah. Precision was that, I think it was above 75, above 80%. Then whatever it produced, they were anomalous points and they were. Okay. Was there any attempt to improve that, you know, 75% because it's quite low, 75%. It was above 75%. Basically we, it is like I cannot give you that number exactly because it keeps fluctuating. There are obviously false positives. Correct. So whenever the trend is changing, right? When new trend is coming, if some, like if you have trained your data, trained a model on quarter till December, then suddenly December comes and on Christmas times, the transaction peaks. So trend is coming. So at that time, a lot of false positives get generated at first, but then they affect the growth. Okay. Okay. So I got it. So can you take any of your latest, you know, the generative AI, you know, the project you worked, right? So what was the business problem? Like what are the generative AI kind of approaches you implemented? It was incognizant while I'm on bench. I was on bench in the first two months. So I was doing this project in which we were supposed to develop semantic search. So in that semantic search, we were using question answers, basically from issues, like some issues were there on like stack overflow GitHub. Those issues there and we stored those questions and answers in the form of embeddings in a vector database. Then we, if a new query comes, we try to look up, we compare the embeddings from the vector database with our input embedding. And we say that, okay, some similar questions are there or exact matches are there, how close they are. Okay. So you have done some POC on this, you know, the gen AI, right? Yes. Okay. Not much experience. Okay. But you were good in AML and all. Yes. Okay. Sure you have some banking experience. You mentioned you worked for Amex, right? Amex, yes. Sure. I think, you know, I got a lot of experience. So I will, you know, just give my feedback, you know, then account manager might, you know, contact me. Can I ask a couple of questions about the project? I don't have actually those results. I mean, those, you know, details with me, right? I was just, you know, asked to evaluate your technical knowledge. But we will find out which project and all. I think we have a couple of, you know, the clients based on that. Location. Right. Location is a constraint or location is not a constraint? That also I don't have, sorry, you know, those details. That's what, you know, the account manager will give those, you know, the details when they contact you. Okay. And one more question. My current HCM, right? Home manager. Is it related to Shivam Shivastav? Right. That might change when you move to, you know, different projects and all, right? Yeah, that might change. But he's from, you know, our AML COE, then he will be, you know, your manager supervisor, HCM supervisor. Okay. So it is okay. Okay. No problem. I think I'm on bench. I don't get need to worry about all that. Yeah. So once you get a project, I think those will change. Okay, sure. So you are very concerned with the location or how is that? So I have my family in Delhi, my mother and myself. Where? Like in Delhi, Inderlok area. Basically, I'm coming to Tikri office, Tikri sector 48 office. And I have, I'm putting up in sector 79 also. But I want to mention this, right? If you have a constant location and all, I have to mention along with the feedback, right? So that, what is your, you are open to any location or you are looking only in the Delhi area? No, no, I cannot say because, so you think that it will impact my, what do we say? My availability to the client, like client or project manager? Hmm. Okay. So you, I think you are better positioned to take that call. Like, how should I move forward with it? But basically, Yeah, the preference, right. I understand, right. So the first preference will be given any of the, you know, projects in Delhi and all, right. So we will see that, right. If there are no projects in Delhi and all, right. No clients, you know, the kind of current requirements and all current demands, then we will try to, you know, see other locations and all. That's how it goes. We try to give first preference, you know, whatever, you know, the associates preferences, right. Okay. Okay. That's how it goes. Okay. So Gurgaon, Noida, both are okay. Little bit too far would be like Pune and Indore. Okay. Indore, Bangalore and all, Chennai, you are either one. Yeah, Bangalore, Chennai. Chennai is a bit too far. Okay. Got it. Got it. Okay. Let me check, you know, what is the locations and all. Yes, sir. Yes, sir. Please. Sure. Sure. Thank you. Thank you. Bye. Thank you. Bye.