Hello. Yes. Hello. Yes. Hi, is this Ashish? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hello, Ashish. This is Ronak here and I'm calling you from the recruitment team of Turing. OK. OK. And the reason for reaching out to you, Ashish, is because we're currently hiring for a principal engineer. OK. And when I looked into your profile, I think it made sense because your profile looks pretty relevant for us. OK. OK. Yeah. So I just wanted to discuss with you with regards to that opportunity. Are you currently looking out for a change? Yes, I am. OK, cool. Is this a good time to talk? Yes, it is. OK, perfect. Perfect. So Ashish, have you heard about Turing in the past? Yeah, I have. I remember having an account on Turing also. It's a platform for... I'm sorry, your voice is breaking. Just a second. Yeah, I have. I have heard of Turing. I mean, it's a platform for engaging. It basically connects developers around the world with the companies in the United States. Is that correct? Yeah, you're almost there. I'll refresh that understanding for sure. But just wanted to understand where are you currently located? Gurugram. OK. And your preferred location is? Gurugram. OK, so you're located in Gurgaon and your preferred is also Gurgaon. Correct? Yes. All right, perfect. So, and your hometown is? Delhi. All right, perfect. So, Turing is a startup which started in 2018. OK, so it's almost been eight years that we have been in the setup. OK, initially, we started into the domain of staff augmentation. OK, now what staff augmentation means is exactly what you said, that there are US based companies who are always keen to hire Indian developers. OK, and we used to help the Indian developers get the job, either on a part time or a full time or even a contractual basis with Turing. Yeah. OK, so Turing used to be the hiring bridge between the US companies and the Indian developers. All right, in the last three to four years, although with the inception of generative AI coming in, our trajectory has changed. And we are not only a staff augmentation company anymore, we have also started providing AI based services to our clients. OK. OK, so in the recent years, three last three, four years, we have worked quite a lot into generative AI domain. OK, and currently also we are hiring for multiple clients. The candidate can be located majorly in four cities, either it's Mumbai, Hyderabad, Bangalore or Gurgaon. OK. OK, it would be a hybrid role in which we will require you to work with some overlapping of US hours. OK, so the timings can be from like to 9 p.m. or 1 p.m. to 10 p.m., something like that. OK. OK, now what we are looking for currently is we are looking for a principal engineer. OK, and this is like an individual contributor, six level role, like just one level below to the engineering manager. OK, in which we are looking for somebody who has more than 10 years of experience. OK. Majority of their career should be Python heavy. Either they have worked as a Python developer or either they have worked in Python in the data science or the machine learning domain. OK. And in the last two to three years, their majority of the experience should be in generative AI and multi agents. OK, so like agentic, chain, chain, line graph, rag, LLM, these type of concepts is what we are looking at. OK. OK, so this is in a nutshell all about what exactly the role is and what we are looking to hire. Ashish, what are your thoughts? Yeah, sounds good. So what is the next step? I would like to know about your experience and I'll ask you a few questions as well. OK. And then probably I'll tell you about the next steps. Hope so. Makes sense. So, yeah. So I am Ashish. I am from Gurugram. My current company is Accenture, where I work as a lead AI engineer. And in my current project is text.
SQL it's a multi-agent solution with text to SQL agent drag agent and generic knowledge agent so we we are using this to enable telco clients deal with their interface with the data better okay and in my free time i read books and meditate okay and how long has it been that you're working in accenture uh since uh it's about 1.3 years 1.2 okay and overall how many years of experience you have i have 13 years of experience okay can you take me through which companies you have worked into what sort of work you have done there as well yeah so i have my first company was magic software in noida and i was working as a software trainee there so software engineering training and i spent about more over an year over there and then i went to web plant private limited it's a company that builds websites for e-commerce companies mostly based out of us uh and there i worked for about six seven months then i moved to mobilium okay for uh mobilium as a software engineering data analytics team roaming analytics team and there i worked around for about 3.5 to 4 years and uh after that i went to infosys where i worked for about 5.5 to 6 years as a data scientist and my last position was of tech lead okay so um after that i became a tech lead in uh infosys itself yes okay cool and how long have you worked into the generative ai domain uh five years five years six years okay in gen ai yes and how many years of experience have you have in rag and agentic uh three years agentic also three years two to three years okay all right so can you also walk me through a project in which you extended a multi-agent system or you build a multi-agent system workflow using lang chain lang graph or equivalent and what challenges did you have to face while you were in orchestration phase or the reasoning phase or the evaluation phase of it yeah so i discussed my current project with you which is multi which is called data analytics platform uh in this uh one of the first engines is that uh what models to what what lm models to use for the solution like we had the options of at that time gpt 4.1 was coming and uh some smaller models were also there uh so we went with gpt 4.1 azure openair gpt 4.1 and then comes the framework question what framework to use because extensor had built its own ai refinery using lang graph so lang graph was the expect uh accepted uh with framework of choice okay so we use lang graph and then we have to design the graph or what our agent execution would look like we there will be some agents they will be connected via some edges they do their operation send the data to the next next agent and do the handover so in this in this graph and it starts with an orchestrator agent which decides whether it's a rag query or a text to sql query it should go to which agent then after that takes to see if it takes to sql it queries it converts as its job of creating sql from text and then gets the data from the database and then there is a narrative or visualize the agent which formats it you know in a like a report the user rather than in raw form and um then the second branch of after the sitter is the rag there is third also generic agent but that is when the question is not deemed fit for to be taken by rag or text to sql agents but what rag does is that there's documents of uh this telecom
company for which we were working where they wanted to the user might need to understand about the KPIs, about the platform, about what how to use it better anything related to the platform and then we will get we built a RAG, RAG is basically retrieval augmented generation if you want to discuss its architecture can do that but that this is the high-level view of the solution and generic what comes into picture if the query is not accepted by RAG or TextureSQL. Okay got it so can you also tell me about any one example where you had to deploy a LLM based system on a cloud platform and then had to optimize it for scalability and performance. So basically this LLM model which you were using was already hosted it was exposed as an API in Azure OpenAI. So in my experience this is where I lack a little bit that I have not trained a LLM or fine-tuned LLM and then put it on the cloud hosted on the cloud cloud space as an API or some as an API. And do you also get involved in the requirement gathering phase of a project and if yes then what are the different technical and non-technical aspects do you seek out from the client to understand the requirement better. Yeah so I am not in the requirements gathering phase because that part is taken care by the associate director level where the people work on getting the requirements there is business analyst also business analyst does its role of getting the requirements understanding what the client needs and what will be the parameters that will tell us whether we have reached the expected whether we have acceptance criteria which we call like whether we have fulfilled the need or not and there will be some KPIs which we will have to monitor like which suggest which which talk about the performance of the solution we are building and if those KPIs are acceptable in the build solution. Okay got it and are you aware about what is an agent in line graph and how is it different from a simple LLM call. Agent is basically agent okay an agent can be a function it can be a LLM call also it can be some script that does this pre-written does it pre-written rules so agent is something that is that has a basically a task to perform and it has certain other parameters also certain other characteristics also like what to what to expect like what so it an LLM call is basically just calling out the API endpoint of the of a hosted model with the with the request with the prompt and then we gather the output in the code capture the output in the code so to brief an agent could be an LLM call but not it doesn't have to necessarily be that it doesn't have to 100% of the times be that way it could be a function it could be a script it could be some pre-written block of code and LLM call is basically you're trying to leverage some large language model to utilize its intelligence on to get an output about your query which is you are passing as a in the form of a prompt okay got it and also want to understand if like let's suppose a agent fails or hits a dead end then what do you do okay that has come happened to us like if it takes to sequel if the agent is never able to understand the user's intention what tables to fetch what comes with it so there would be chance when it goes into a loop of generation and critiquing and regeneration so there's their way to
is to do it the biggest to handle it like you can set a max iterations on it but if the agent hits a dead end right it we could there I would have to invent some way of thinking of tracing the LLM calls all the LLM all the activity that all the work that that this agent has been doing and there should be some pattern that okay if it it's repeating some prompt query prompt to get an output and then that output is repeatedly getting flagged for inaccuracy or incorrectness then maybe and it has or if it has gone into iterations or if it has like there are certain patterns which you would look at from the trace of the agent to figure out if it has reached a dead end and if it does a reason it didn't then we'll have to time it out or preemptively stop it okay got it and like retry logic and things like that can also be done right yes are you aware about what are state nodes and edges in a lang graph state nodes are basically agents and edges are basically flow from directional arrows which are what which agent is getting called next which is which node is getting called next node is basically an agent they in lang graph terminology that has got a task context and kind of output that should be that it should produce okay make sense and are you aware about what are the different type of message objects that exist in a lang chain framework you I am not having it on the tips but there's human message their system message there's I am not able to recall it properly message yeah okay cool are you aware about what are the main components of a rag pipeline main components of a rag pipeline are a retriever the vector database where the data is stored the LLM that augments retrieve data with the with the prompt and then not an LLM it is it can be basically scripted to concatenate the prompts with the retrieve data and then pass it to an LLM for generation like generation you can see if it's agent and it condition agent okay got it so let's suppose that the retrieval results come out as irrelevant or noisy okay so what are some techniques that you would try them so if the well this first off this should be captured in the development itself if what kind of parameters are being what kind what to expect from this retriever what kind of output or kind of parameters does it match what kind of accuracy or can take factual accuracy or what kind of keep parameters it is it is working around so but if so can you repeat the question one more time yeah I was asking let's suppose if the retrieval results come out as irrelevant so how can you improve those yeah so yeah first of it should be captured this this situation should be captured in the in the development phase itself during testing and evaluation of the agentic solution if let's say if it does not get captured if there is a if there if the retriever in the production does something and that is that has raised concerns of the users then it could be taken up into like by the developer itself that what data what data produces what from produces and if there are if this is correctly grounded in this and if this is a hallucination or does it do it repeatedly like you tried once you tried
it twice or is it a just a like happening intermittently from between calls like one call goes fine the second call it breaks and third call goes fine like that so okay yeah now moving to the business end of it just want to understand what is the reason that you're looking out for a change at the moment oh I so I am looking for a change because I think that I was not getting proper I think project wouldn't suit me too much okay yeah so I was looking for better work all right cool now like can you tell me what is your current compensation and how much do you expect as of now my current compensation is 29 LPA 29.5 and expectation is about 35 LPA okay and what would be a notice period I'm serving notice period my last 15 days 21st of April 21st of April yeah which means 21st is almost like two months two and a half months from now yeah yeah are you holding any offer at the moment yes I have okay can you give me an info on that yeah it is an MNC with and it is it is offered me 32 LPA how do you offer off sorry how much they have offered 32 LPA okay 32 LPA all right so let me tell you how many rounds of interviews are going to be there Ashish okay firstly I want you to go back and read about the generative AI concepts of it okay because I want in the next round you should sound more confident okay you are giving answers right but then you got confused in between and things like that okay so I genuinely want you to improve around that okay now talking about the interview on Ashish they're going to be three rounds of interviews okay the first round would be a coding test okay in which a 45 minute coding challenge will be given to you okay the purpose of this coding challenge is for you to create a rack pipeline okay using Python and advanced analytics techniques such as oops okay so if you use oops and Python and create a rack pipeline I think you will be sorted okay okay the second part of this AI interview or is the coding challenge would be there will be five to six questions okay the screen will record automatically your answers and you will have three minutes to give one answer okay and the talks would be around generative AI okay agentic and multi agents prompt engineering and LP land chain line graph okay rag yeah okay and COT prompting and react prompting sure okay so these are the things in which the topics will be around okay okay now for this first round we will block one hour in your calendar okay once you clear this first round the second round would be a panel which will also be of one hour okay and the third round would be a technical plus plus culture fit around sure okay I'll reach you around those as well but first let's focus on the coding challenge okay so can you tell me what time or what day works for you for this coding challenge if you want to attempt tomorrow 5 p.m. okay I saw tomorrow you are okay if you want to take time I am okay to give you one or two days if you want to prepare so today is Monday right so yeah make it 6 p.m. okay cool Wednesday is fifth I think right yeah oh no fourth or December the fourth
yeah 6 p.m. all right cool so you will receive the test email at 5.45 p.m. 15 minutes before the test starts okay one question that I wanted to ask you is your current company is Accenture right and your college name is where you completed your B.Tech or like the highest education? BITS Pilani master's of technology okay BITS Pilani right mm-hmm all right cool any other questions Ashish? Your email id is ashishjain1547 at the rate gmail.com right I will be sharing you a job description okay so just go through that all right sure okay lovely talking to you man wish you the best and bye bye thank you thank you so much