There it is. Yeah, good evening, good evening Priya, how are you? Yeah, good. How are you? Yeah, hi Danish. Yeah, am I audible? Yeah, good afternoon Danish. Yeah, good afternoon. I'm Ashish. I have 13 years of experience, out of which 11 years is in AML space. I know traditional machine learning, deep learning, data science, and more recent technologies such as generative AI, agentic AI, prompt engineering. I have a strong grasp on Python and some familiarity with languages like SQL, PLSQL, JavaScript, Java, among others. And my last project is on agentic, is an Accenture offering around the agentic capability of text-to-SQL agent, RAG agent, generic knowledge agent, this visualization agent orchestrated by a router. And I have experience in domains like finance, telecom, and edtech. Yeah, and in my free time I like to read and code. Which algorithm? Yeah, I mean, so I'd like to mention one thing, I don't have like internal details of GPT or BERT or Gemini, but yeah, I'm familiar with using them via their APIs. I used to, when BERT came out, it was a, I used to study it, but then, I mean, I'm familiar with Transformers, but yeah, these more recent updates like GPT and Gemini, I'm not familiar with their internals. But yeah, I'm aware. Transformers, which one? Transformers was a 2017 paper came out by Google, right? The same one. No, not every Transformer is the same, I mean, there are some modifications like, there are modifications like Meta does its own modifications, or Mestra does its own modifications, Google does its own modifications, OpenAI does its own, I mean, Transformer is open source, I think it's open source technology. I need to check if it is patented by Google or how it's licensed. But yeah, it's out in open for modification to anybody who is looking to change it. I mean, I haven't used Transform, I mean, I have used LLMs via their APIs, like, for example, I use OpenAI API or I use Gemini API to access their LLMs, I mean, Transformers, I don't use directly, like, I mean, it's a building block of an LLM. Yeah, Supervise and Supervise both are clear, Reinforcement is a little bit weak. Yeah, I mean, you can, I mean, there are plenty like linear regression is there, decision trees, SVMs, random forest. I am hands-on on almost all of them, like, I have used, I get access to these machine learning models via Scikit-learn's API. So, yeah. So, DB cluster, that I'm not sure. Depth decision tree. I mean, I know decision tree, I'm not familiar with depth decision tree. Decision tree is the building block of a random forest, I mean, random forest is an ensemble, I mean, in a decision tree, there are data is structured in the form of nodes and edges, while random forest is constructed by hundreds or thousands of decision trees. And final decision of the random forest is based on hard or soft working from individual constituent decision trees. Yes, it's WLP. Who was my teacher in machine learning? Oh, it was, I think it has been eight years to that, more than eight years because it was in third or, I don't recall the name of my teacher. I know that. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah, sure. Thank you. Thank you.